The Joe Rogan experience, you should tell Joe about how the,
the government program Allsop was created directly because George wrote this
book about a little place called skin Walker ranch with the government was
studying this property that happened because of his books,
some DIA guys, what you should tell the story of the place. Yeah. But you, yeah,
right. Yeah. Yes.
Yeah. I think you got to, I think you've got a little.
Misled on, tell him, tell him how the governments that he had started,
you know, from your work. It's fascinating. Some.
Of it, some of it stems back to Lasar.
So we did that story and the series in 89,
1 of the first people to call me after that was a guy I'd never heard of before
named Robert Bigelow, a billionaire, he calls me up and says,
I was really interested in that I've been interested in UFO's for a long time.
Can I help you? Meaning can he help fund me? I said, I work for a TV station.
I don't need any help, but he was not to be deterred.
He then reached out to Lasar. They had a little,
he started meeting with them and, and pumping up for information.
And that really amplified, uh, Bigelow's lifelong interest in it.
He created something called knits, the national Institute for discovery science,
which he, he made a science advisory board of the best and the brightest in the,
both the UFO field and the field of consciousness.
So they're looking at two questions. Is there,
is there life elsewhere in the universe? Is it here?
And it is a do humans survive after death.
And he assembled this board, a former CIA guys,
two former astronauts men who had walked on the moon, Dr. Edgar Mitchell,
Dr. Hell, put off physicists, um, psychologists, uh,
really a brilliant little think tank to take on these two topics.
I was allowed to be a fly on the wall for some of it, not all of it, but some,
and I told Harry Reed about it, uh, in 1996. And he said, can I go?
And so he showed up and sat in on the meetings and he was kind of hooked.
Harry Reed was the first person I told about Bob Lasar outside of our newsroom.
When I, before we aired the stories he had,
I'd known him since he first ran for Congress in 1982,
then he becomes Senate majority leader. So he had always had an interest in it,
but he didn't want it to be known publicly that does not help your re-election
chances. So in 2005,
we write the book about skin Walker, ranch needs. That team bought the ranch.
They were on the property for seven or eight years at that point and had
hundreds of different incidents that they investigated.
They approached it like scientists would, they looked for prosaic explanations.
They look for gravity anomalies. They look for, look for psychoactive plants.
Could there be hallucinations caused by magic mushrooms or something?
Are the witnesses lying?
They investigated the background of the family that lived there and they found
out that they, it could not be explained that all the range of activity there.
So it was not only you have activity we're talking well,
we starts with UFO's because that's what got their attention. The,
you went to basin in Northeastern. Utah has always been a UFO hotspot.
Everybody lives there basically has seen them balls of light orbs,
structured craft daylight, nighttime in 1976,
a guy named Dr. Frank Solsbury, uh, wrote a book about it, the Utah UFO display.
And he took hundreds of these cases that have been collected by the locals.
There was a local science teacher named junior Hicks, who,
because he had taught generations of kids, uh,
science in that area when they people would see UFO's,
they'd call up junior Hicks. And he went, men go and investigate them.
And he had had hundreds and hundreds of files.
He gave them over to this guy Solsbury who wrote a book about it. And he said,
these are real, you know, they're going on.
But junior Hicks would disregard any high strangeness cases that came along with
the UFO's, anything weird, Bigfoot, ghosts, anything like that.
He thought it was too incredible. And he,
and he discarded that Bigelow buys the ranch.
He hears about these stories going on on this one,
property flies in meets with a rancher.
And by this time that rancher and his family had lived on the ranch for 20
months. And they were so scared that he,
his wife and his two kids were all sleeping at night on the floor,
in the same room, because it had messed with him so badly. Um,
their property had had ghost type activity. Poulter guys kind of things,
trickster activity. Uh, for example,
the wife goes shopping to the grocery store. She buys it,
all this food comes back, uh, puts it on the table,
takes out and puts it in the shelves. Leaves.
The room comes back in all the foods back in the bag.
She would take a shower in the morning locks,
the door puts a towel and a hairbrush on the cabinet gets out of the shower
door, still locked, hairbrush and towel are gone. Dad's out in the field.
He is digging a post hole using a post hole Digger, happy piece of equipment.
He stops for a second wipes.
His brow looks back and it's gone and they find it two weeks later up in a tree.
They start hearing voices at night and in the air speaking a strange language,
they start seeing shapes, um, outside the window at night, big lurking,
humanoid shapes, hearing heavy footsteps outside,
then hearing heavy footsteps inside.
Then their animals started being mutilated cows, uh,
would the tracks would lead out into the snow and then just be gone.
Cabs mutilated cut up with surgical precision cats, uh, wiped out, cut up,
carved up dogs that were vaporized hundreds of these incidents. Um,
they, they would see holes in the sky like a great big hole in the sky
and things flying in and out of it. Now this rancher college educated guy,
grounded, uh,
strict religious guy thinks the government is trying to run him off his
property. So he's out there at night lurking with a gun,
trying to catch whatever government agents are doing this stuff.
And it's not government agents. It was something else.
They start seeing UFO's of all shapes and sizes.
The first one they saw was like a, they thought it was a Winnebago.
This ranch is a beautiful place. Um, and it only has one way in.
And one way out,
they see these two lights that look like headlights down in the third homestead.
How did this guy get past the house here and get down there? He must be stuck.
Let's go down and help him out. The lights start coming toward he and his son.
Then they go up into the sky, up over the trees and then gone. Um,
these different kinds of orbs, uh,
the white ones that were intelligently controlled, not fireflies, not bugs, uh,
blue ones that would go. They seem to touch the,
the fear center in your brain. They'd get near them.
They look like a little bigger than a soft ball made out of glass with a
swirling blue liquid, scared the hell out of the animals.
And then it scared the hell out of the, the,
the people to this literally drove them to their knees with fear,
these red orbs that would stampede the cattle.
They lost so many cattle that they began to think that they were going to go
under. They had these four prized bowls. I know I'm jumping around,
but there's a lot of stories that these four prized bulls, 2000 pounds,
each behemoths very expensive animals because they were raising seven tall
cattle, had them in the, in the, uh, corral and the, the husband and wife.
They always felt like they're being watched. He says to the wife,
as they're driving to town, man, if something happens to one of those bulls,
we'll go wonder will be done. They come back a half an hour later,
all four of the bulls are gone. They jump out, they're freaking out.
Where did they go? Did somebody steal them? Are there?
Rustlers looking around all over the place in this corral is a metal trailer
where they used to store, uh, tools. And there's only one door into it.
And it's raw. It's locked with this heavy piece of wire.
The door is still locked. The wire is still on there.
The guy just as a last resort,
he looks into the grading on top of a trailer and there's the four bowls inside.
Door's still locked. They're all crammed in there.
Now you could take a forklift.
You could have a team of 50 people and they couldn't get those bulls in that
trailer. But there, there were, he yells to his wife, Hey honey,
they're in here. And when he says that the bulls wake up as if out of a,
a trance kick the door down and all got out the needs team,
which had been on the property for a couple of years. At that point, um,
fly in. They had been in Las Vegas. They fly back in, they look around,
they check out the animals. The whole corral,
which has made out of metal had been magnetized.
So whatever technology was used to get those bulls from the corral into that
trailer left a magnetic signature. They were there on the property,
the knits guys for several years, Bigelow owned it for 20 years,
but eventually they gave up whatever this thing was, this intelligence,
it did not like being stocked and it played tricks on them.
And they never made the stuff public because what are you going to do?
Write a paper about this. Who's going to print it. You can't make a, uh,
a documentary about it. Cause.
They weren't there with cameras. Evidence. Well, well,
all this we're saying those cattle mutilations, I guess that's some evidence,
but that's the only evidence of cows and we can mutilate cows. What,
what about all this other stuff? Like for the.
First months when the rancher is there,
they don't have any evidence because he's not a paranormal investigator. Um,
they're not taking photos or something. They want it to go away.
So they don't have any evidence of that except for what the rancher told them.
But then they talked to the larger community and the same thing has been
happening to all the neighbors.
The guy that lives next door had lost all these cattle as well. Sees the craft.
Sometimes these craft would float around.
They looked like a stealth fighters with Christmas lights around them floating
around silently. Again, I guarantee everyone else. No, not really. I mean,
so Bigelow puts up cameras all over the property and you
have them focused here where some activity had happened before.
The thing moves over here. Uh, you, you move the pop,
the cameras and focus there. It goes away toward the end of the study,
whatever it was that was there ripped the one of these cameras would re rip the
shreds. If they're up on top of a telephone pole, 30,
40 feet in the air and there's wires that are secured all the way down the
telephone pole. And they noticed that one of their cameras goes out.
They figure, well,
there was another camera on another pole that should have a view of whatever it
was that tore this up. Some kind of animal, whatever. Well,
whatever it was was invisible. And I know it's very frustrating.
It certainly was for them. And for me to try to write about it in that, uh,
this thing didn't want to be caught. It wanted to demonstrate it,
that it was there, but it didn't want to have evidence.
The calf that was mutilated was in, I know it's, it's,
it's a lot to handle the calf that was mutilated. It was a Sunday morning.
It's 10. O'clock on a quiet morning. It's daylight.
The rancher and his wife are there by themselves.
They're tagging newborn calves, tagged their ears.
And they tagged this one right by the ranch house, 50 yards from their home.
And they go off across the property. It's a clear day.
It's unobstructed that their dog is with them and makes a noise that points them
back toward that first calf that they had, uh, tagged. And the,
and the dog indicates that something's wrong.
And they see the mom cow is dragging its leg and going around in a semi-circle
it's in distress. They go running back over there.
And this calf had been completely stripped of flesh, nothing left,
but hide and bone.
And one of the femur bones had been ripped out and thrown on the side. Well,
they call in the needs guys. They bring in trackers. There are no tracks.
There is no human tracks. No, no vehicle tracks, no animal tracks.
The thing had been completely stripped of blood.
There's not a drop of blood on the ground. It's gone 75 pounds of meat gone.
Again. It's a time period of 30 minutes. Um,
is there a team of commandos that comes in and does that, uh, special forces go?
Yeah.
And there's, this is there's evidence of this. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Can we see that? Yeah. Where is it?
I made it, I made a movie called hockey. The skin Walker it's it's in there.
Right? Is that the only place?
Yeah. Yeah. It's probably, it's probably a, some other places. There's photos.
On video. I mean, I I'm with you, man. What's.
The speculation about like, why,
why would they do this and why would they do the cattle mutilations? Like,
what is, is there any speculation?
Some, uh, so some of it is a demonstration. I mean,
it seemed to be a demonstration to get their attention.
This trickster element has been reported in other places around the world. Uh,
there's no hotspot, quite like skin Walker. And I know how weird it sounds.
There is no spotlight that because it's never,
there's no spot that's been studied to that extent.
The needs guys were there for well, big loan.
The property for 20 years needs was active for seven or eight.
Then another secret study funded by the government came in under an organization
called bass. Um, that was the money that Reed got.
You got $22 million. It went to Bigelow as a contract.
And they hired all these people and fanned out all over the world to try to find
UFO information, but other related phenomena,
things that wouldn't seem normally to be, uh, connected to UFO's, but which are,
uh, a guy from the DIA had read the book and became interested.
And he asked for permission to go to the property. This guy's a double PhD,
a brilliant rocket scientist who had seen it and thought there were national
security implications, the hole in the sky,
in particular with things coming in and out,
he wondered if someone was using technology to make these things,
film that hole in the sky. No, again,
that's when the rancher is there by himself. So he's not, it's not a UFO guy.
He's not trying to.
I understand. Um, but is there any evidence of anything weird,
anything other than mutilated cows?
Well, let's see the,
the video of the camera that was torn up by something invisible.
They had something that did.
So in the video, you could see the camera being torn apart. You.
Can't see anything. You can't, there's nothing.
You can't see anything you can see before it happens. Uh,
it's normal and afterward.
I think you're humble. It's time is taking place between before and yeah.
I can't remember, but I mean, could that be hoaxed yeah. If Bigelow wanted to,
but again, they weren't there too in the beginning, at least for niches,
they weren't there to, uh, to try to prove that aliens are visiting.
They're just trying to figure out why all this weird stuff is happening in one
spot. It mixes in a lot of, uh,
native American lore that got mixed in the picture.
But it's been going on in that you went to basin for 200 years.
Why don't know. I mean.
Our government has studied the medic. So like, what is evidence?
It's so frustrating to me too,
when I was introduced to the skin Walker thing through George man,
I I'm with you. Like, what's the evidence what's going on.
The weight of evidence is when you talk to people in the area and they all have
these commonalities, some people died of exotic cancers from burns,
from above where lights came down and hit them. And that's evidence,
their face is completely irradiated and they died. So there's the cows.
Yeah. So you have a scientist like Dr. Colin.
Hold on for a second. That's where they found it though. Look at that.
Just what in the con th that is so crazy. Now,
did they scan the area to look for another spot where it could have been
slaughtered before it was moved to this area?
Well, that's what they concluded is it had to have been taken somewhere and
slaughtered and then brought back. But who does.
That little larger please? Can you just, um, zoom in on that?
Because that doesn't look very surgical to me that looks click wolves.
Yeah, it was there's no sisters.
Oh.
They actually did an analysis and it was done with two types of metallic tools.
But look at all the jagged edges, they.
Said they, so they took samples and they send them to, to pathology labs.
Didn't tell the guys what they're looking for. You tell us what you can see.
And they, the pathologist said that two instruments had been used.
One was a heavy machete type instrument that had been hacked.
And then there is a scalpel that had surgically removed a lot of the flesh
underneath, but it looks.
Like something killed it. And then they moved it to that spot. I mean,
if I had to guess the way it's eaten though, I mean, it looks like, well.
There's no teeth marks. There are metallic marks, the metal teeth.
Mark, a slice sliced.
And so something sharp sliced.
It. So I think the bigger point is this was happening on this ranch with owners
prior to owners, prior to owners, I got to talk to a lot of people.
So here's the deal, the connection of this. So George does this thing.
He reports on this for 20 years that the government is now studying this ranch,
right? Because of deployment or because of all this weird stuff,
why is the government spending money through OSS app to study this ranch and
other things?
And that's where it gets really interesting what happens after with our
government programs. So that's what you do. This.
Is before we get to that, this image, like the jagged edges around the rib cage,
that's supposedly sliced. That looks like hack hacked. Okay.
I mean, look, it could, let's say it's people doing this, you know,
to farmers to get them out of there. Let's say it's some program. I mean,
although the cattle mutilation thing, you gave me a stack of documents,
this big has been studied by the FBI.
It was it's happened all over the country. No one has ever been caught,
not a single person,
more than 10,000 cases with all the same types of cuts. I mean, this is not, no,
I I've seen.
A lot of that. It's really weird there. Isn't really weird.
And the lack of blood is the weirdest part of it.
Cause if you see like what makes sense to me, um,
is that something killed that they, they butchered it.
They chopped all the meat off of it.
And then they removed the carcass from that area and dropped it off there. Yeah.
That's what it looks like. If I had to guess is what mids thinks.
There's no way that it was killed right there because you're seeing fresh,
clean hay underneath it everywhere. There's no blood,
which doesn't make any sense at all.
I think the question is, is this a government program? Is this something,
or is this a scare tactic? It's been happening since the fifties?
Like what a weird.
Scare tactic.
It's a click on that one below at Jamie that the brown one with the green. Yeah,
that one please. Thank you. That's that's a weird one too.
Like this is like a whole cutout and there's a bunch of these they've found all
over the country and weirdness like Oregon's removed,
but the weirdest part about it is it's almost always, there's no blood.
Just investigated one, which I never thought I would do,
but I got a call from a guy in Texas to see it physically. Yeah.
So right before lockdown, I go out and I'm like, this is so wild.
I got to check this out. The guy calls me.
It's a pretty Freshy one at this point. Now I'm no expert,
but I went and got samples and took them to labs and this sort of thing to see
if there were tools used. So you got here's my, did you get my pictures of this?
It on your phone? I'll show you after I got on my phone. Yeah.
So I got ready for great photos. Weird.
Listen, man.
Airdrop them to me now and we'll send them to Jamie and we'll put it up on the
screen so other.
People could see it. Okay. So let me, after the show is not going to help.
While you're looking.
I'll tell him about one of the theories about the academy relations that Dr.
Keller, her doctor, Colin Keller developed was that the,
somebody is tracking the spread of like mad cow freons through the food
supply.
And that they'd been doing it under the guise of UFO's since no one would take
UFO's and cattle mutilation, seriously, they just do it in helicopters.
And there, instead of just stealing these cattle, they're tracking how far this,
these indestructable prions travel through the food supply because it's in a
cattle it's in pigs, it gets, uh,
fed into chickens and things of that and feed it's in deer. Uh,
it's called chronic wasting disease. And in some circles, it's.
Just weird. Well, just wasting diseases. Isn't that a,
that's a different prion disease then I'm mad.
Well, it's a variation Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, I think too. So, um,
the same kinds of things in different species, um,
it is indestructable again. So you hit a deer,
that's got this and you grind it up and you feed it to pigs, the pigs, get it.
Yeah. And then, um,
and then it could be passed on to other species and it shows up in different
ways. Kelleher was exploring the idea. Well, whether or not it,
it might be the cause of Alzheimer's or a version of mad cow in humans.
Do you, um.
They're all going to you right now. This is, this is a recent, oh,
it says downloading. So, oh, I'm downloading them.
And then, okay. Right, right, right. Are you on the wifi?
No, but it's coming through here. It's about to go to you. It says waiting.
Okay. Got it. Yeah. I mean,
I guess this does highlight because this is my very limited amount of,
can you send those to Jamie, to Jamie? [inaudible] yeah. Sorry.
Should should've had to do that right away. It's ready to roll.
Is airdrop is open.
I don't see you bro, bro. Hold on there year ago, young Jamie.
So this is, um, this is the stuff that you physically encountered.
Okay.
You physically saw this and I'm looking at these images right now and we're
going to show them short in a second. And this is a, you said Texas? Yeah.
Where in Texas? Um.
Gosh, what was the name of it in the panhandle? I'm yeah. I'm blanking.
So, so here's the deal. Oh yeah, that's it.
So I made the movie based on George's work of
the same title, hunt hunt for the skin Walker. Right.
And that movie was telling this story about how the United States government was
studying this property land because of UFO's and weird stuff.
That and weird stuff included things like cattle pull up this one.
There's a lot of weird images, man. This, uh, the,
the skin removed around the face.
Right? So this was my, this is my first chance to see this for myself.
Cause last time I was on your show, it was the,
the ones in Oregon had just happened up at that ranch. And I thought, well,
okay, if I'm ever going to do it, now's the time to do it. So I go,
I get this call now, remind you, this is a rancher. This is like,
this is their livelihood. It's this huge,
huge area of land stop right there.
There are very religious community. Nobody.
We go out to the middle of this land and in the middle,
there's this dead cow, no blood, no blood.
And he had seen it prior. And,
and the reason he called me is because in my movie you could see the special
kind of slice, like a jagged slice that is common to these types of things.
They think are real mutilations. And he is looking at it. He's like,
that's exactly like in the movie. And this is a straight shooter.
He's a religious guy. He had to ask his pastor. If he could even like,
go on camera with me, it freaks him out. So he sees this.
Now he sees dead animals all the time. And.
He saw this cow, you said before.
Accidentally he was out shooting BB guns with his kid and he's on this big part
of land.
And he sees this down bull and he goes over to it and he's looking at it.
And it's unlike anything he has ever seen in all of his years before it had
surgical cuts. There is no doubt somebody killed,
cut up this animal. Would those classic like the ear gone, uh,
two types of tools, like a scissor type. But by the way, I tried to cut it.
It is not easy to cut.
So they had sharp tools and then there's like a very thin slice type
kind of cut. So I got to take it, get samples,
take them to labs and try to see what type of tools did this.
How did they do this with no blood on the ground and all the soil around it was
dead. So I was like, well, why is it all dead? Is that a natural thing?
So I took soil samples and took them to a lab. And again, I'm outside of my,
this is weird to me, but I think it's a real phenomenon.
Somebody is killing these animals. However you want to say it.
Some things,
someone is killing these animals in a highly specified technical way that
has been repeated since the fifties on our FBI has studied
it.
He has shown me so many reports of these in association with discs
saucers.
This guy have any association with disks or software.
No, he's just a guy that owns the, they just found.
This cattle free weirdly, weirdly mutual. Somebody killed it.
Yeah. And he's like, is this demonic? Is this some sort of Satanist thing?
And I said, I don't think so, man, this goes back in history.
Okay. Like I'm looking at the cuts is specifically, they're very unimpressive.
What? That does. It doesn't look like a laser.
Did it or some how long it'll be sharp scalpel. No.
It was like a, it was like a cerated. One was a cerated tool and the other,
that's the thing.
I'm saying. It's like something that we could do. Oh.
Absolutely. We'd have to somehow do it though. On,
in Texas land where the guy would shoot you in the face.
If you go and try to touch one of his casts, that's the other thing.
No one's ever been caught. Never since what's weird. Yeah. It's weird.
It's frustrating too. I mean, I've been to the ranch,
the skin Walker ranch in the basin, more than two dozen times.
I've never seen anything. I've interviewed the neighbors.
I've interviewed the scientists.
These are PhD level guys who had seen this stuff.
A lot of times they'd have cameras that fail. I mean, it's, you know,
you've heard that story before and this very convenient that it happens just
when some giant disk shows up,
but it does happen that their car batteries would die in the same spot. Um,
whatever it was messed with them. And maybe it's humans,
maybe it is human technology,
but no humans were ever found to be doing this stuff.
But needs was there for all those years.
They didn't want to tell anybody about it. They shared the information with me,
but you can't publish it. W w there was no real physical proof.
So they just left it there. And I had tried to do a documentary, ended up,
I talked to him in a, let me write a book about it. But, you know, if,
if people,
if you're looking for physical evidence and solid proof and they don't have it,
you.
Know, what is the, what's the primary theme?
Are there any primary theories of why they do this to cows?
Why someone's doing this to cows? You know.
You need to catch somebody and ask them. I mean, you know, that's, that's,
that's really weird that no one's been caught.